12th class:

the golden rule: **separation of concerns for the sake of organization. 
a program is set of instructions you give to a computer what to do.
programming is the task of writing those instruction in a language that a computers understand. 

js takes the html and css code and render it and is a jerk of cousin. DOM

variables, functions, loops, and conditionals are the step stones in programming, so try to learn them as meticulously as possible. 

## variables: 
through using them we can store values and use it later on in our programs. this entity is called variable. 
** they are date buckets. 

declaration enables us to create a space in memory. 
let age 

assignment: assign a value to variable.   
age = 25

reserved words for variables in js: 
var, let, const

**let age = 25;**

let location;
location = 'Boston';

camelCase variable conventions is of great importance. 

** what sort of date types does the variables store?
** numbers(float numbers, integers, signed numbers), strings, 

** we can escape quotes using backslashes. 
let motto = "I am the \"King.\""
** \n starts a new line, \t adds a tabbed space

** you can do basic arithmetic in js. 
** with modulus(%), we can reach remainders.
to detect whether a numbers is even or odd, we need to look at the remainder. if the remainder is 0, then it is even, otherwise, it is vice versa. 

## Making decisions:
we need to learn comparison in order to do this. 
=== : means strictly equal(value & type). the answer will be either false or true. 

in js, string can be also equal. 
** we need to have a great grasp of logical operators for doing comparisons in js.
** conditional syntax is of importance when comparing stuff.
=== if, else if, and else
=== there is the issue of inserting multiple conditions in logical comparisons. (|| , &&)

** there is a difference between assignment and comparison(= & ==). 

** what is pseudo code?
- it is set of steps and strides concerning how the code should work in what order. 

** getting rid of case sensitive case when it comes to inputs: 
toLowerCase() && toUpperCase()	




 
 

















 